W-19120572-console-logging (#389)
mulesoft/docs-hosting: cloudhub-2/modules/ROOT/pages/ps-config-advanced.adoc

== Configure HTTP Requests and Read-Response Timeout

> When you modify HTTP requests, applications aren't reachable for up to 5 seconds.

Author: ```suggestion
When you modify HTTP requests, applications may not be reachable for up to 5 seconds.
```

--
. Specify the read response timeout value.
+

> The default read-response timeout is 300 seconds. Configure this value up to 3600 seconds (1 hour).

Author: ```suggestion
The default read-response timeout is 300 seconds. You can configure this value up to 3600 seconds (1 hour).
```
